Add files to trigger extension (#15486)
microsoft/vscode-python: news/1 Enhancements/4765.md

> If I have Python-related files in my workspace, automatically activate the extension
> 
> Enable these new files to activate the extension:
> 
> 1. Pipfile
> 2. setup.py
> 3. requirements.txt
> 4. manage.py
> 5. app.py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Activate the extension when the following files are found: `Pipfile`, `setup.py`, `requirements.txt`, `manage.py`, `app.py`
```

Reviewer 2: Don't forget to credit yourself or this change.
```suggestion
Activate the extension when the following files are found: `Pipfile`, `setup.py`, `requirements.txt`, `manage.py`, `app.py`
(thanks [Dhaval Soneji](https://github.com/soneji))

```
